spootify/README.md, before:

# Spootify Coding Challenge 🎧

### Difficulty: Hard | Time required: ~ 30-45 minutes

# Goals/Outcomes ✨
- To test knowledge of consuming APIs and handling responses
- Loading state and knowing where and how to make multiple API calls efficiently

# Pre-requisites ✅
- Add your Spotify client ID & secret to `config.js`

# Requirements 📖
- Fetch and display *Released This Week* songs
  - Use the API path `new-releases`
- Fetch and display *Featured Playlists*
  - Use the API path `featured-playlists`
- Fetch and display *Browse* genres
  - Use the API path `categories`
- Loading state/UI *(optional, current UX is already clean)*

# Think about 💡
- Taking a look at the Spotify API documentation
- Do you resolve each API request one after the other or in parallel?
- Where do you make the API requests?
- How much logic do you offload out of the UI components?

# What's Already Been Done 🏁
- UI/UX for all elements, including previews (mobile responsive)
- A Spotify request helper (`makeRequest.js`)

# Screenshots 🌄

![screenshot-desktop](https://puu.sh/GwPLE/3be580156a.png)
![screenshot-mobile](https://puu.sh/GwPLS/0bcb566d23.png)

Commit message:

Add additional advice for id/secret in config

spootify/README.md, after:

# Spootify Coding Challenge 🎧

### Difficulty: Hard | Time required: ~ 30-45 minutes

# Goals/Outcomes ✨
- To test knowledge of consuming APIs and handling responses
- Loading state and knowing where and how to make multiple API calls efficiently

# Pre-requisites ✅
- Add your Spotify client ID & secret to `config.js`
  - Note. **Never add this type of config to version control. This would usually come from your build server.**

# Requirements 📖
- Fetch and display *Released This Week* songs
  - Use the API path `new-releases`
- Fetch and display *Featured Playlists*
  - Use the API path `featured-playlists`
- Fetch and display *Browse* genres
  - Use the API path `categories`
- Loading state/UI *(optional, current UX is already clean)*

# Think about 💡
- Taking a look at the Spotify API documentation
- Do you resolve each API request one after the other or in parallel?
- Where do you make the API requests?
- How much logic do you offload out of the UI components?

# What's Already Been Done 🏁
- UI/UX for all elements, including previews (mobile responsive)
- A Spotify request helper (`makeRequest.js`)

# Screenshots 🌄

![screenshot-desktop](https://puu.sh/GwPLE/3be580156a.png)
![screenshot-mobile](https://puu.sh/GwPLS/0bcb566d23.png)
